Competitive Analysis:

Endless Ocean - 3D game for the Wii, main inspiration

The 3D graphics are obviously beyond my scope. I enjoyed the educational aspect, 
there's an encyclopedia where you can read about real fish facts. Mine will have a
similar thing, which means I also need save files to keep track of what the player has discovered so far.
I also like its controls, which I will have to modify for a 2D game with mouse and keyboard. It has UI elements like a clock,
oxygen bar, depth meter, and inventory, which I plan to incorporate.

I have not found anyone online who has made a 2D remake of this game.

ABZU- 3D game for PC
It's a much newer ocean themed exploration game similar to Endless ocean. 
It looks really really beautiful, I want to take visual and colour cues from it. The ocean doesn't have to be just blue,
it can be colourful. Now I want to add decorative stuff like bubbles and wavy algae that moves according to the physics of
the water.


Hungry Shark - 2D game for iOS

This game shares some similarities with my term prokect. The controls for Hungry
Shark is touchscreen, so it's not completely applicable here since I have more than one input source to
work with, but I've took the basic movement controls from it: hold mouse button to swim, release to
stop, moving is in the direction the mouse points at, plus an accel factor to smooth out the movement
and add some feeling of water resistance.

Although it's 2D, it uses 3D models for a pseudo-3D look. I'll be using sprites
instead, but it gives me some ideas on how I can fake a pseudo-3D effect. For example: parallax in the
environment, I'll also look into matrix manipulation to modify the sprites to make them appear
to swim/turn in 3D space.

The stage is premade and not procedurally generated, but I will go for random generation instead. I want
my game to generate a finite sized stage for each save file. I do like Hungry Shark's general map layout though,
it's got open areas, islands, tunnel system near the bottom, I'll try to achieve the same kind of map layout
in my map generation.

Happy Aquarium - casual Facebook game

There are a lot of 2D casual aquarium games on Facebook. To my eternal shame, I've played a bunch of them.
They're not really similar to my game outside of marine theme, completely different in gameplay.

Looks like the sprites in this game have some more fancy movements like individual fins flapping. I'm
not going to do that because it will involve a ton of extra work in Photoshop which is irrelevant to
the programming part of the project.